what do you think of just the general
manliness in the NA LCS yeah well I
wouldn't call them in a assessment in us
we say mostly Karina and they are
competing in the North American LCS I'm
joined right now by a power of evil LCS
it's week six coverage presented by Omni
cyber inside because it is so cold
outside that power of evil would have
froze if you were out there right
actually do not my teammates like crying
it's so cold but in Germany I think it's
like - - Chris right now so it's summer
for me yeah but you don't have any warm
clothing that's true that's true all
right whatever anyway let's talk about a
little bit about optic you're making
moves towards the playoff positions
after having a pretty slow start to the
split did you think you guys could could
end up in this situation I mean how dark
did it get out of chick before the light
started shining well so yeah man it's
really dark times but we are seeing that
like shimmy off hope so it's going good
I think we're improving from week to
week you know the wins we get a more and
more clean so I'm happy about that one
and the I think we just play around
Midland better and better every week as
well so we just have made more success
than the previous weeks is that a
success is just like play around mid
lane is that you guys go after it's just
like we need more mid lane more mid lane
that's the only way we're gonna succeed
you guys need to play around me no I
wouldn't say that but like I actually
prefer to play around side lanes and
especially misfits I was playing like
Edwards just like Rome champions and
support champions that's kind of my
style of control majors but right now
there's like all the control mages and
the mid laner gets really fed than he
did so much damage same for ad carries
so we kind of sack or top laner in some
games so he needs to accept his fate and
our team that he doesn't get a lot of
resources but that's obviously a
weakness we need to improve on and
that's why we have like the six-man
roster right now of docklands ik that
they try to help each other out and try
to improve
six men unit I think that's going good
already yeah yeah let's talk about this
so this was dhoklas first his debut
match what has it been like working with
him
what are his strengths and you know
differences compared to sig like what
ultimately what's that experience been
like well so first of all here's
Hannibal Madrid in NHS he has never lost
a game so no but jokes aside
he is really communicative has my
opinion a little better communications
and zig and but Zeke has like this kind
of stabilized lane he just he just knows
when to accept to sacra wave or he just
he already played so many games that
he's like here's the experience right
and dr. small dr. rook II so I think
they can learn each from each other like
they can learn both like I think Zig
needs to learn communication and maybe
doc learn more to be even more stable
and just learning by playing and getting
experience so yeah that's pretty much
the biggest difference between this job
remind me who you play tomorrow good
catch nation Kelsey TSM oh yeah yeah see
I felt bad for not remembering but if
you don't know that it's fine but I
don't know anyone of that under the
roster bringing that double if go back
no I you will go up against them a lot
of Europeans on that team yeah that's
like a European team oh so this is like
the return of for you is it gonna be
like you bring back channel that you LCS
well I know I just can't escape from if
it's been like after I joined them in
origin just like facing them in every
region you know they just chase me down
it's a revenge on you or something yeah
I feel like that no what do you let's
take a step back what do you think of
the mid laners in the NA LCS a lot of
european mid laners i know Kelsey was
asking febiven about this early in her
interview with him what what do you
think of just the general mid laners and
the NA LCS
well I wouldn't call them an AAS
Molina's it was a mostly Carina and they
are competing in the North American LCS
power evil so the competing in AIDS is
Molina's they're pretty strong I think
it's like a really really stacked
competition because they're just like
the best out of every regional and I
think that's not like a huge difference
between this middle and us my opinion
it's more about which mid laner plays
better of the team and has certain
strengths so we had like I think CG
plays really like to blame everything on
Ozzy and dislike control majors as well
and they pull out a lot of wins for that
right
and I think GM displayed God today and
they like to play this teamfight
oriented comes with like hands-on
approach so it's like it just comes down
to which team and which mid laner just
placed better as a team because in my
opinion it's like every Maiden is really
close and every maiden has certain
strengths and weaknesses and you just
need to exploit them is there one that
you like playing against the most nor
any reason I mean I don't know if it's
fun to go up against febiven because of
you LCS reasons if it's fun to go up
against Bjork soon because everybody
always talk shop Ericsson well no I
think it's just for me it's just fun in
general to face these guys because the
last three years I was only facing
feminine perks caps like always all
always the same mid laners so I was kind
of borrowing it at one point
so now seeing all these new faces these
new play styles it's pretty exciting and
just a new adventure you just bought the
expansion pack for LCS expansion pack
North America you know face up new
content new players new new enemies all
sorts of new maps that you have to go
through Los Angeles is there anything
you want to say to any of the optic fans
well if we can see the glimmer of hope
you can too would you like having this
flag this is very anything this unique
to you guys yeah it's really cool I
should like it because I have enough
German fans and stay with me guys okay
keep check out the rest of our coverage
of all things eSports right here on my
youtube channel have you noticed that
I'm not the one doing the interview
anymore and instead you're stuck with
Travis sucks right so you know don't
subscribe don't follow
but do drop a mean and nasty comment by
all me /